hi guys welcome back home runs past shy
in this video I'm going to show you guys
how to make Thai spicy chicken fried
rice super easy simple very delicious
and I just can't wait to show you how I
made this delicious fried rice sadiq
happen pure marina had intimacy eat
witty can't ham Cowpat click guy in
Halawa gonna tell you what happened by
kappa guy covered by horeb haha died on
an aha let me jump and open can happen
in a sudden Greg ha Burhan sandy on
academia Chad a Lord Hamlet wat de una
ha look up in ignominy Munna had heated
ham gun gunshot knock out a little cool
moon hallelujah bit ham like comet
hammer Hans Anita ha ha problem holla
blue Samba some car ingredients steamed
rice try to used wonder you have left
from last night or if you have a freshly
cook one I recommend leave it out for at
least an hour or so before you cook this
meal house away Naraku mapping hey Lu
soy soy nada halwa chocolate Akunyili ah
chicken cut into thin sliced guy aha hi
Benjamin bank ah
egg Chi octopus cooking sauce I also
have a videos on how to make this sauce
I will leave the link inside the
description box below for you guys sauce
padmaja Lewis Osborn it was on
hillingham good man helene community
canned ham neha in just i link on video
nanda how a unit come from lanka
cooking oil nah man put some lap pad
thai chilies perky new thought fresh
garlic got EEM soul basil leafes were
meant by Navajo lapa gotta buy kapa haka
onions cut into thin slice oh ha ha ha I
meant Inman Bank ha bell pepper pig bill
and for garnish I have some cucumbers
and lime some not took down the hollow
weapon pack chunky and then a hack up in
thank wanna holla common aha and I also
list everything right here a trace on my
swamp and what you throw me in a car
so first in here in two and water and
pestle you also can use a blender I put
my fresh garlic and chilies and if you
like spicy you can go crazy and add a
lot of chilli as much as you like in
Larnaca connect Roca Tom can Tom Piketty
I'm Cody Kanaka Hilah yet Anika and you
are going to smash them until you get
this chilli paste like so
and ya know how garlic like getting eek
ha and into a skillet or a pan or a wok
whichever you have you are going to turn
on the heat but try from if you are big
beginner you try to use a medium heat
first and add your cooking oil and also
crack one eggs inside and stir them
together until you see that your edge
it's almost completely cooked some on a
hot car and I got had a hacker hye-young
boom I know in Oaxaca EFI grandma gone
AHA but fine hoppin gangs like Hyuna
fight sock hai Kaun kya hai hai uh
kadai yagi antenna Holika hey kinda poor
head wound Salam Salam - Ursula my heart
my jumping a hot oven you can happen in
such an idiot dry ha and after you see
your ex is cooked add your choice of
meat it doesn't have to be chicken it
could be beef shrimp seafood anything
you like and just add your chicken and
stir them again around and try to see if
your chicken is fully cooked when it's
fully cooked add your steamed rice
blankety kya hain wasu clerical cycle so
a whole along my car that he is trying a
Hikari Luna Park karna to me come to
know in a halaqaat Dan moschella lake ha
and after you add your steamed rice add
your chili paste onions bell pepper
together and all purpose cooking sauce
laka sauce pan hot sauce Pomona hey Andy
Bowne Holly my video we Teagan Hamblin
Holland si Lang Mahalo and a half and
after you add everything together you
are going to turn on your stove to like
the highest level which is the highest
heat that you're still have and then
stir them together fast
Langton nana has cited young room
deployed he need for fire and he soon
hack she taking home home on hill and
got hamlin hospital but fire and he
sought his knowledge the polygon halacha
pottery and how they can ha / yong-ha a
Kia car Luca karna Hyuk up and gone aha
30 select green home he he below as mm 9
yet when he Lana Coppola fine her
fighting a meson some can manic and pack
up an academy clean home home home fine
Anika Andy Hancock and try to stir them
around as fast as you can - if not you
might burn you fry right and the reason
why I told you to use leftover rice
because you're s going to be a little
dry and nice like the restaurant like
and if you serve freshly cook one like I
said leave it out before you cook this
meal if not your eyes will be like soft
and soggy and after you stir them for a
couple of minutes add your basil leaves
or mint leaf if you have lines that he
called laptop - Rodney and a caucus so
clear all outside by Horeb Harley bike
of how the highlights and later I mean I
got my cell NN having fun - I like a
Cylon fighter Jorge me Mickey come home
ha Goku shade I pad app I can perma and
lick no and her for - am Sabrina T
capital opposite car that's ad only in
hotshot my cap had con can hang here non
ha Tonya Aloia lawyer have had Juanita
back just on getting Midtown and happy
life with Amit casa good old good old
bite mark up I Matthew what Don Anna
alrighty so look hot and after that
after you stir them for a couple of
seconds your fire rice is done and it's
ready to be served just add a couple of
leaves or of basil leaves on the top or
cilantro V half and cucumbers and lime
and your fire rice is done long jetty
the pine has site thank wa my now
they're parallel kappahd kongou garcetti
a car dock tank temptation a common
watch japan pack Sheila come on do I
like are an alibi hold up our bike up
our two young die mode car when were
complaining how come - on video a hole
in the hot chicken could like go
subscribe to the Nana Facebook Instagram
Twitter Google+ and hallouwe song roof
is awake on my hand he even went on my I
do like ha so I hope you guys like this
video please like subscribe follow me on
my Facebook Instagram Twitter and
Google+ and stay tuned for the new video
every week
luckily limited family oh my my dad who
took a technically well well I'm you
like I said her marketing video carbonyl
a pecan sorry car and until next time
guys bye